README.md, before:

[![Main-Docker](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary/actions/workflows/main-docker.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary/actions/workflows/main-docker.yml)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/aceberg/exercisediary)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/aceberg/exercisediary)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/e8f67994120fc7936aeb/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/aceberg/ExerciseDiary/maintainability)
![Docker Image Size (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/aceberg/exercisediary)

<h1><a href="https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aceberg/exercisediary/main/assets/logo.png" width="35" />
</a>Exercise Diary</h1>

Workout diary with GitHub-style year visualization

- [Quick start](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary#quick-start)
- [Binary](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary#binary)
- [Config](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary#config)
- [Options](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary#options)
- [Local network only](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary#local-network-only)
- [Roadmap](https://github.com/aceberg/ExerciseDiary/blob/main/docs/ROADMAP.md)
- [Thanks](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary#thanks)


![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aceberg/ExerciseDiary/main/assets/Screenshot.png)

## Quick start

```sh
docker run --name exdiary \
-e "TZ=Asia/Novosibirsk" \
-v ~/.dockerdata/ExerciseDiary:/data/ExerciseDiary \
-p 8851:8851 \
aceberg/exercisediary
```
Or use [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml)

## Binary
PPA for amd64 .deb is [here](https://github.com/aceberg/ppa). For other binary options plese look at the [latest release](https://github.com/aceberg/ExerciseDiary/releases/latest).


## Config


Configuration can be done through config file, GUI or environment variables. Variable names is `config.yaml` file are the same, but in lowcase.

| Variable  | Description | Default |
| --------  | ----------- | ------- |
| AUTH | Enable Session-Cookie authentication | false |
| AUTH_EXPIRE | Session expiration time. A number and suffix: **m, h, d** or **M**. | 7d |
| AUTH_USER | Username | "" |
| AUTH_PASSWORD | Encrypted password (bcrypt). [How to encrypt password with bcrypt?](docs/BCRYPT.md) | "" |
| HOST | Listen address | 0.0.0.0 |
| PORT   | Port for web GUI | 8851 |
| THEME | Any theme name from https://bootswatch.com in lowcase or [additional](https://github.com/aceberg/aceberg-bootswatch-fork) (emerald, grass, grayscale, ocean, sand, wood)| grass |
| COLOR | Background color: light or dark | light |
| HEATCOLOR | HeatMap color | #03a70c |
| PAGESTEP | Items on one page | 10 |
| TZ | Set your timezone for correct time | "" |

## Options

| Key  | Description | Default | 
| --------  | ----------- | ------- | 
| -d | Path to config dir | /data/ExerciseDiary | 
| -n | Path to local JS and Themes ([node-bootstrap](https://github.com/aceberg/my-dockerfiles/tree/main/node-bootstrap)) | "" | 

## Local network only
By default, this app pulls themes, icons and fonts from the internet. But, in some cases, it may be useful to have an independent from global network setup. I created a separate [image](https://github.com/aceberg/my-dockerfiles/tree/main/node-bootstrap) with all necessary modules and fonts.    
```sh
docker run --name node-bootstrap       \
    -v ~/.dockerdata/icons:/app/icons  \ # For local images
    -p 8850:8850                       \
    aceberg/node-bootstrap
```
```sh
docker run --name exdiary \
    -v ~/.dockerdata/ExerciseDiary:/data/ExerciseDiary \
    -p 8851:8851 \
    aceberg/exercisediary -n "http://$YOUR_IP:8850"
```
Or use [docker-compose](docker-compose-local.yml)

## Roadmap
Moved to [docs/ROADMAP.md](docs/ROADMAP.md)

## Thanks
- All go packages listed in [dependencies](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary/network/dependencies)
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- Themes: [Free themes for Bootstrap](https://bootswatch.com)
- [Chart.js](https://github.com/chartjs/Chart.js) and [chartjs-chart-matrix](https://github.com/kurkle/chartjs-chart-matrix)
- Favicon and logo: [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/icons/)

Commit message:

feat: add rate field with mobile-friendly selector for exercise sets
- Added Rate field to exercise sets with 4-level selector (Failure, Challenging, Good, Easy)
- Implemented mobile-friendly popup selector with improved positioning
- Updated database schema and migrations to support new Rate field
- Added rate display in exercise forms and tables
- Updated documentation and roadmap to reflect new feature

README.md, after:

[![Main-Docker](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary/actions/workflows/main-docker.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary/actions/workflows/main-docker.yml)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/aceberg/exercisediary)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/aceberg/exercisediary)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/e8f67994120fc7936aeb/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/aceberg/ExerciseDiary/maintainability)
![Docker Image Size (latest semver)](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/aceberg/exercisediary)

<h1><a href="https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary">
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aceberg/exercisediary/main/assets/logo.png" width="35" />
</a>Exercise Diary</h1>

Workout diary with GitHub-style year visualization

> Fork notice: This repository is a fork maintained by Oriol Samper. All credit for the original project and core architecture goes to Aceberg (original creator and maintainer). This fork introduces additional features and fixes with respect to mobile UX. Thank you, Aceberg, for the amazing groundwork and open-source spirit.

- [Quick start](#quick-start)
- [Binary](#binary)
- [Config](#config)
- [Options](#options)
- [Local network only](#local-network-only)
- [New in this fork](#new-in-this-fork)
- [Roadmap](#roadmap)
- [Thanks](#thanks)


![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aceberg/ExerciseDiary/main/assets/Screenshot.png)

## Quick start

```sh
docker run --name exdiary \
-e "TZ=Asia/Novosibirsk" \
-v ~/.dockerdata/ExerciseDiary:/data/ExerciseDiary \
-p 8851:8851 \
aceberg/exercisediary
```
Or use [docker-compose.yml](docker-compose.yml)

## Binary
PPA for amd64 .deb is [here](https://github.com/aceberg/ppa). For other binary options please look at the [latest release](https://github.com/aceberg/ExerciseDiary/releases/latest).


## Config


Configuration can be done through config file, GUI or environment variables. Variable names in the `config.yaml` file are the same, but in lowercase.

| Variable  | Description | Default |
| --------  | ----------- | ------- |
| AUTH | Enable Session-Cookie authentication | false |
| AUTH_EXPIRE | Session expiration time. A number and suffix: **m, h, d** or **M**. | 7d |
| AUTH_USER | Username | "" |
| AUTH_PASSWORD | Encrypted password (bcrypt). [How to encrypt password with bcrypt?](docs/BCRYPT.md) | "" |
| HOST | Listen address | 0.0.0.0 |
| PORT   | Port for web GUI | 8851 |
| THEME | Any theme name from https://bootswatch.com in lowercase or [additional](https://github.com/aceberg/aceberg-bootswatch-fork) (emerald, grass, grayscale, ocean, sand, wood)| grass |
| COLOR | Background color: light or dark | light |
| HEATCOLOR | HeatMap color | #03a70c |
| PAGESTEP | Items on one page | 10 |
| TZ | Set your timezone for correct time | "" |

## Options

| Key  | Description | Default | 
| --------  | ----------- | ------- | 
| -d | Path to config dir | /data/ExerciseDiary | 
| -n | Path to local JS and Themes ([node-bootstrap](https://github.com/aceberg/my-dockerfiles/tree/main/node-bootstrap)) | "" | 

## Local network only
By default, this app pulls themes, icons and fonts from the internet. But, in some cases, it may be useful to have an independent from global network setup. A separate [image](https://github.com/aceberg/my-dockerfiles/tree/main/node-bootstrap) contains all necessary modules and fonts.    
```sh
docker run --name node-bootstrap       \
    -v ~/.dockerdata/icons:/app/icons  \ # For local images
    -p 8850:8850                       \
    aceberg/node-bootstrap
```
```sh
docker run --name exdiary \
    -v ~/.dockerdata/ExerciseDiary:/data/ExerciseDiary \
    -p 8851:8851 \
    aceberg/exercisediary -n "http://$YOUR_IP:8850"
```
Or use [docker-compose](docker-compose-local.yml)

## New in this fork

- Series field for exercise sets
  - New input to record the number of series per set (stored in DB and displayed in the forms/tables).
- Rate field with 4-level selector
  - Levels: Failure (✗), Challenging (○), Good (✓), Easy (✓✓).
  - Mobile-friendly popup with improved positioning: appears near the touch/click point, with overflow protection on small screens.
- Various mobile UX improvements around the rate selector interaction.

## Roadmap
Moved to [docs/ROADMAP.md](docs/ROADMAP.md)

## Thanks
- Original author and project by Aceberg — thank you for the foundation and continued inspiration.
- All Go packages listed in [dependencies](https://github.com/aceberg/exercisediary/network/dependencies)
- [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- Themes: [Free themes for Bootstrap](https://bootswatch.com)
- [Chart.js](https://github.com/chartjs/Chart.js) and [chartjs-chart-matrix](https://github.com/kurkle/chartjs-chart-matrix)
- Favicon and logo: [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/icons/)
